Added book "Getting Started with Java on the Raspberry Pi" (#173)
thibmaek/awesome-raspberry-pi: README.md

- [Raspberry Pi Beginners](https://medium.com/@anshul.ahu/how-to-setup-raspberry-pi-for-beginners-aeedc2cb994a) - Guide to setup the Raspberry Pi for beginners.
- [The Ultimate Raspberry Pi Security Guide](http://www.nhatqbui.com/assets/TheUltimateRaspberryPiSecurityGuide.pdf) - Extensive guide on security best practices for the Pi ie. exposed to the internet.

### Books

> - [Getting Started with Java on the Raspberry Pi (published 2020)](https://webtechie.be/books/) - A lot of info and history about Java itself and how to install and use it on the Raspberry Pi with a lot of example projects.

Reviewer: Omit the `(published 2020)` part please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Getting Started with Java on the Raspberry Pi](https://leanpub.com/gettingstartedwithjavaontheraspberrypi) - Book on how to install & use Java with a lot of example projects.
```

Reviewer: I would link to Leanpub instead of a generic /books page

Author: thanks for your feedback! both remarks done
